My sister, my queen, my BFF!
Get a real job.
Defund the police!
Hey!
A lot has happened
in eight months,
you’re back with Steve,
got a new friend.
I’m making partner on Friday.
- Here we go, there it is.
You’ve been playing me
for eight months.
Can you keep Brixton?
- Me?
- Hi.
I have been mandated to invite
you back into the OCE.
Finally, you are going
to sleep, uh?
I don’t know how your mom does
it, I got to hand it to her,
but don’t ever tell I said
anything else.
I’ll never hear the end of it.
- The end of what?
- Oh, Ella. Uh... nothing.
Nothing at all.
Um... There’s his bag,
his breakfast is in there,
which he did not eat.
He hasn’t eaten yet?
How’d he sleep?
Uh...
Not really that well,
neither did I.
As a matter of fact, we both
were up till about 4 AM.
Okay, wow, it’s almost 9.
We’re already late,
I’m meeting another nanny
in the park.
Oh, okay.
Yeah, see you later.
Thank you.
Bye, Brixie!
Yo, Duff! Wait up.
I’m late enough as it is.
Getting the baby ready was
practically impossible.
You know who’s keeping me
up at night? Steve.
He’s got depression insomnia,
he just wanders around the house
all night ever since he lost
his promotion to Ro.
- Who’s Ro?
- She’s like a friend of mine,
she’s really great.
I’m actually in a 10K challenge
with her right now,
I’m already 3000 steps in,
so I’m off to like
a really strong start.
Uh... excuse me?
Wazowski, we’re not supposed
to use the OCE entrance,
and why are you in your civvies?
Oh, right, yeah, so I got
pulled back into OCE.
As a detective?
Uh... yeah, Guns and Gangs
with Duff here.
I meant... I meant
to tell you or call you.
Sure. Wow.
Won’t they be lucky.
After eight months
riding with me,
you picked up a lot
of knowledge.
You know what?
Um... we’re
gonna see you later, okay?
Yeah, yeah, but like,
when later? Do you want to,
like, put something on
the books, or... play it by ear?
Go with me here,
what if we start a club?
Cuff chicks, badge bitches,
babes who bust...
Badges with vages,
vages with badges,
oh, that actually would be
probably a bit better,
something where we can,
like, you know,
all get together
as women detectives.
Um... it’s just that...
You talk like a detective...
We’ll talk about it later.
Yeah, just let it mull around
in your brains
and we can get together
anytime you want.
I’m usually free, I got lots
open in the calendar,
so if you want to give me
a call to go for sushi.
Tell me this, how did you deal
with her for eight months?
I don’t know, I think I was in
some sort of like fugue state.
I just... I am so happy to be
back, like, familiar places,
familiar faces. Why are these
cupboards all rearranged?
Where are all the good snacks?
I swear to God,
every time I come back in here,
the old battle-axe,
she has like flipped
things around.
Good morning, Wazowski.
Good morning.
Hello, commander.
I just thought
you were Duff and that...
Oh.
Yeah. Wow!
Your hair, it looks
really nice with the...
Oh, yeah, my... my niece
did it, I hate it.
I’d prefer you not draw
attention to it.
- Sorry, I’ll just...
- Here’s your badge, detective.
- Thank you.
- Don’t thank me, thank Shanks.
Oh...
Morning.
Morning. How was your night?
Oh, it was good.
How’s Brix?
He’s great.
Do you wanna
come over tonight?
You know I love me some baby,
I’ll make you some dinner...
You know what?
Let me think about that.
- Look what I got!
- Oh! Look who it is!
That looks good on you, Wazowski.
Thanks. I am so excited
to be back.
Okay. Yeah, what do we got?
A drug bust? Trafficking ring?
Yes. This is Tim Nadon,
he goes by Switch.
Yeah. We think he sold
some drugs to this woman
who OD’d in a club
last week and died.
Yeah, he’s known
for dealing cocaine,
but the medical examiner
said this was not that,
so we need to figure out
what he is selling.
So, we need to use a UC
as bait and bust him
when he sells again.
We’d love to, except
we’ve been following him
all week and he hasn’t made
a single sale.
The guy barely leaves the house.
Yeah. So, we need to get
inside and plant one of these.
Any idea how?
Well, his mother
just passed away
and by the sounds
of the obituary, I don’t know,
she seems pretty religious.
Okay, just let me do
all the talking.
- Why?
Do I not look pious enough?
- What do you know about Jesus?
Uh... he’s Jewish,
he’s not white
and he’s probably afraid
of nails. Joking, that’s...
- Hello?
- Hello! God bless you.
My name is Kelly, this is
my partner in worship, Sam,
we’re here from St. Hunna’s,
and your name is?
I go by Switch.
- Switch.
How fortuitous because
we were hoping that you would
switch to our church.
I’m just kidding.
I’m kidding, but did you see
what I did there with your name?
It’s like, "Switch." And then...
The good Lord has obviously
given her a sense of humour.
Amen!
Get in, plant the devices,
we’ll let you
know when they’re engaged.
But we really just wanted
to let you know
what we’re all about, can we
just come in for a quick chat?
No, sorry.
Oh, that’s a shame because
when we visited a while back,
we spoke to Meredith
and she just seemed really keen
to continue our conversation.
- Did she?
She did.
- Just come in.
- We’re gonna come.
Oh, my gosh, your house
is lovely. Did you decorate?
The good Lord
is blessing you.
No, this was
my mother’s house.
Meredith, the woman
you met...
Uh, she passed away
about six months ago.
Oh, I’m so sorry.
There is a verse
that I draw from when
I’m feeling really down,
"Though I walk through the
valley of the shadow of death,
I shall fear no evil!"
Um! Psalm 23:4.
- I thought that was Coolio.
- True also... What a cool song.
But if you really love music,
our church has it all.
Our music can be heard...
On high, yeah!
If you know what I mean.
Let me tell you
all about it now.
You know, I would love to--
I actually also sing
in the choir, one of three
Mezzo-Sopranos,
we call ourselves Mezzos
for the Messiah.
Could I just use your
washroom really quickly?
- I--
- I gotta go! It’s happening...
I can’t let you back there.
- Really?
It sure is happening,
I’m peeing through my skirt.
Okay, okay, it’s that way.
Just... just hurry up.
She has a really weak bladder.
What is this?
- It’s right here?
- Oh, my goodness!
Oh darn, did I do that?
Oh, boy, can I help
you pick those up?
It’s okay, I got it.
Are you sure?
- Yeah.
I am so sorry, I’m so sorry.
Oh! Your mom would be
so proud of you.
You led us into her home,
now your home,
and next step
is to let the Lord,
the Lord, into your heart,
because the holy spirit
is filling this room!
Hallelujah! Can you feel it?
Hey guys,
I think I found the spot.
Your friend is taking a while.
But you know, sometimes,
those number ones,
they just turn into number twos.
- Oh.
Oh, hello. Um...
You must be a friend
of Switch’s.
Your hair looks nice,
my name is Sam,
it’s really nice
to meet you.
Oh, hi. What sort of drugs
are you on?
Maybe I could help you,
is that something you...
What’s that?
Sam? Sam, are you okay?
I actually have friends
visiting, but...
Sweet baby Jesus!
Someone else
is in there with her.
Oh my God!
Get off of me!
Sam? Are you okay?
Oh, well,
maybe we should
just go check.
Sam! Get off! Look out!
- Guys, is everything all right
Don’t get into my stuff!
Okay, everyone out!
Get off of her!
I’m calling the cops!
No, no cops!
Give us a sign
if you need backup.
Should we come in?
Sam, come on, we gotta
get out of here.
- Come on, Sam.
- Two seconds!
- Ah!
- Hey! Give me those back, lady!
Device is in place!
Okay, we got it.
Come on, Sam!
- I’m coming!
Ugh... What the hell
were those people on?
Well, the test kit works
and the drug seems to be
some sort of cathinone.
- What, like bath salts?
Weirder, and actually,
some of the same chemicals
were in the deceased’s
toxicology report.
So, we have a new drug
on the street.
Yeah, looks like it.
But we can’t just arrest Switch
for an empty bag of whatever,
we have to prove
that he’s selling it.
Any lawyer worth their salt...
no pun intended.
Hey!
...could say that those two
brought that stuff
into Switch’s house themselves.
Okay, so we listen in,
intercept his next deal,
get him in here, figure out
where he’s getting it from
before it kills
somebody else.
Wazowski, Duff.
Follow me.
I’ve got a case
for you two.
Someone’s been stealing liquid
ketamine from the vet clinic
at Metro Animal Sanctuary
and no one can figure out
how it’s getting out.
This case has been sitting
on my desk for six months,
collecting dust, unsolved,
and I just got a call that
it’s happened again,
20 vials, this time. You need to
call the director, Martin Baker.
Oh, Commander Ballard,
no... disrespect,
but we are actually working
on a really big drug bust.
Uh-uh, uh-uh, bigger
than medical-grade ketamine
falling onto the streets?
Well, does bath-salty-killer
meth-cocaine on-crack
sound small to you?
- Hey, listen, I have an idea.
Maybe Watts and Chase
could do it?
- Oh.
- They’ve tried and failed.
Hey, I need fresh eyes, right?
Do you know how often
liquid ketamine is used
in instances of date rape?
You know what
date rape is, right?
Do you know how many date rapes
could be facilitated
by somebody who has 20 vials
of liquid ketamine?
Date rape sounds kind
of victim-blamey, right?
Maybe we could just say
sexual assault?
Why don’t you just say, "Yes,
Commander, I’ll look into it."
Um? How about that, right? See?
This why I like to pick
my own team.
You know, Shanks forced me to
take you both back because...
Well, she thinks
you walk on water, but...
me, I’m not so sure. You have
just gotten back from...
what, eight months undercover?
So, God knows what
your mental state is.
My mental state is fine,
thank you.
And... So, just to be clear,
I wasn’t undercover.
No, you were demoted,
so forgive me for not being
convinced of your merits,
but hey, solve the case,
prove me wrong,
prove yourselves. Until then,
neither of you are
part of the A team.
Chase, what do you know
about this animal sanctuary?
The animal sanctuary? Again?
Good luck with that.
You two better clear
your schedules for the rest
of the year.
Okay, so you two have nothing
to add to this shoddy report?
You have no information,
any suspects,
no idea who is stealing
the ketamine?
No one was ever seen
sneaking anything
in or out of the locker room
where the pharmaceuticals
are stored.
Yeah. And it stopped
happening, so... case closed.
- Case closed.
Or it stopped happening
because the police kept
interviewing everyone?
If we couldn’t solve it, you
two are never gonna solve it.
Never.
- Okay?
It’s almost like someone was
just... stealing in plain sight.
Plain sight.
I mean, it is like someone
is stealing in plain sight!
It’s all my fault.
I tried moving the vials
to my office, but...
People need the ketamine
so often in the clinic
that it became a total
boondoggle signing it out.
I should have kept
better track of it.
But do you know how hard it is
to be a single parent
of five and run
an animal sanctuary?
That’s like managing
two sanctuaries.
I mean, I’m taking care
of one kid and I got--
I try to be a good boss!
I throw holiday parties,
I give the staff bonuses, but...
Well, what do I get? Some
jackass stealing tranquilizers!
Uh...
Uh, anyway, I want to help,
but I have to pick up
one kid in 20 and then,
take another to Jiu-Jitsu
right after.
Mr. Baker, can you get us
into your veterinary centre
undercover before the next batch
of ketamine is delivered?
I mean, it’s just really
the best way for us to suss out
who’s doing it without giving
the perpetrator a heads up.
Sure, but the next shipment’s
on Thursday,
so you don’t have
very much time.
You know, maybe you can help
speed up the process.
Tell me, who else has access
to the drugs?
Uh... well,
there’s only three people
who have keycard access
to the treatment room.
Oh!
All right, give it to me.
Okay, so first up
is Riley Salgado, she’s 26,
she’s a veterinary technician.
According to logs, she swipes
in and out with one of these
several times a day,
but she doesn’t have
a keycard to the drug room.
I looked at her ViewPix and
besides being a radical vegan
and a huge animal lover,
she seems to be a DJ.
House, EDM, techno.
Ooh, so do you think
that she’s stealing the K
to sell at parties?
Maybe, or it could be
Marla Van Beeks.
She’s 40 and is a bird handler.
Now, according to Martin,
one of her birds is on a strict
regimen of antidepressants.
She’s been given a keycard to
retrieve its medication daily.
Oh, look at this!
Okay, Marla’s recently separated
and she’s paying
a ton of support to her
unemployed ex-husband,
so do you think that
she is stealing the drugs
to pay for alimony?
Oh, I don’t know.
It could be this guy.
Carl Massoud, head veterinarian.
Now, he did a stint in rehab
for alcoholism
and he was arrested for fraud
charges and he was cleared,
but it still could be
a red flag.
Now, speaking of red flags.
- Mm?
What do you think about what
Ballard said to me today?
About me coming back to OCE?
Um...
Could you just remind me again?
How I might not be ready
to come back to work?
I mean, it’s ridiculous, right?
How many times
have I gone undercover?
Dozens, and I’m all right.
My mental state is fine, right?
Oh my God, oh my God!
No, wait. Oh...
Okay, so the lawyer that got
Carl off, that’s my friend, Ro!
That’s my friend! Okay, so we
can go and ask her about him.
Ever heard of attorney-client
privilege?
Ever hear of
a character witness?
Come on, you should
meet her anyway.
Just so you know, I got 3000
steps in before work.
I did a 5K this morning,
then a cooldown walk
on my treadmill before
my morning smoothie.
Oh, well, it’s game on
for you.
Oh, and my exercise ring
has closed for the day.
What?
Can we talk about Carl
before my patience ring
closes for eternity?
Oh, sorry, Kel, you must think
we’re so annoying.
It’s actually Kelly, and no,
but we are on a bit
of a time crunch, Ro.
Yes, um... okay, so what can
you tell us about Carl?
That guy definitely has
an anger problem
and he’s fallen off the wagon
more times than he’s been on it,
but he was completely
innocent of fraud.
Ah! Says every defence
attorney ever.
He got mixed up
in his cousin’s insider
investment scheme.
He had zero clue
what he was investing in.
When the cousin fessed up,
charges against Carl
were dropped.
Okay, so do you think
he’s capable of like stealing
and, like, selling drugs?
- Um... My gut says no,
he’s a decent guy, loves his
job. Who else you got for it?
Sorry, we can’t discuss
an active investigation.
You know?
- What?
He always complained about
this woman that he worked with.
- Who?
- Marla.
Marla!
- Yes!
- Bird handler.
- Yes! Yes! Yes!
It’s a messy divorce, paying
spousal support to her ex.
How long were they married for?
- Six years, he got the house.
Um. Let me guess, he built
some bookshelves?
Contributions to the property.
I hate this... business, it’s...
Right? Yeah. Now, she’s on
the hook for 1000 bucks a month.
How is she paying her rent?
What do you think, Kel... ly?
- Well, I think that--
Yes!
- What?
- 10,000 steps, done.
Are you serious? Don’t gloat,
it’s only mid-afternoon!
Okay, you know what? Come on.
You can get your steps in
tomorrow at the sanctuary.
- You’ll get it next time!
I will, you wait and see!
Bye, Ro!
- Bye!
Copy that, Raider One.
Do you want to attack
as a team or go rogue?
Is this really what
this guy does all day?
I’m starting to see
why he was so happy to listen
to Kelly talk about church.
And I’m starting
to crave cheesy puffs.
What is happening?
BostonPickle,
this is Switch89.
I sent you
an invitation to my bunker.
Restocking the sandbags.
Somebody’s playing
a joke on us.
Morning, ladies.
Oh, here, identification badges.
Welcome to the Metro Sanctuary.
You’re ready?
- Yeah, let’s get ’er done.
- Okay.
- After you.
- Oh, sorry...
This is where all the magic
happens, this is where
our dedicated veterinary staff
take care of all of our animals.
Riley, these are
our new trainees.
This is Sam and Kelly.
Could you show them around?
I have to go to
a parent-teacher meeting
because my youngest started a
Ponzi scheme on the playground.
Is he always that stressed?
- Everyone is.
We’re understaffed and I need
to focus on these guys.
Oh, my gosh! How old are they?
They just hatched.
- So cute!
And tiny.
Riley, stop crowding the
turtles, it’s not a petting zoo.
You must be the new trainees?
I’m Doctor Carl Massoud.
Why don’t you...
go and help Marla in the aviary?
I need some quiet.
Is this decaf?
How I am supposed to get
work done with decaf?
Sorry.
Why don’t you just
follow Riley?
She’ll introduce you to Marla.
Okay.
Yeah, and we need to keep
this area very clean
because it’s where we do all the
prep for the bird food and...
Oh!
Time for your medication, Pearl.
- Oh, is she sick?
Pearl has anxiety. She’s going
through a bird divorce of sorts.
A bird divorce?
Good girl. Yeah, not all birds
mate for life.
Turns out Pearl’s partner
thought she was too much
to handle and found someone new.
Well, it looks like
she’s doing okay now.
Yeah, she’s doing okay.
You should have seen her
a couple of weeks ago,
she was moulting and hiding
everywhere, she was a real mess,
so we started her on SSRIs
and that made a world
of difference, didn’t it?
Well, that and love, attention,
exercise... Right, Pearl?
There you go.
Exercise, right? Fetch!
Good girl!
- Wow!
We’ve really bonded.
We’ve had so many chats over
getting out of bad marriages.
Good girl.
Uh... well,
here’s hoping she gets back
on the dating scene soon.
Yeah, she will, she will.
Fetch!
Good girl!
Hey! I’m gonna grab a coffee,
anyone want one?
Thank you, honey,
you’re the best.
Riley?
On second thought,
I’ve got to run.
You know what,
can I come with you?
- Sure.
- Yeah, I’ll just stay here
with Marla.
- And Pearl.
And Pearl.
- Yeah.
- Lovely to meet you.
- Can’t forget Pearl.
There you go, buddy.
Get that ball, pretend that’s
a man, grab it!
- Yes!
- That’s a good girl!
Can I help with anything?
- Uh... no.
Riley and I are just about
to lance an abscess
and you’re gonna find it super
disgusting... because it is,
unless you’re one of those
people who likes watching
pimple popper videos
on the internet?
Ah... no, that’s a hard no.
- Right.
So, just avert your eyes or take
a long five, we just sedated.
I’ll put the ketamine away.
- No, I’ll do that.
Oh, you know,
I can help with that.
I’m good.
Okay, I have got some serious
intel out of Marla.
It is her, I just feel it...
- No, no, it’s Carl.
He runs that treatment room
like Fort Knox.
He has maximum access...
- Marla has maximum motive.
I’ve just talked to her about
her ex-husband’s new girlfriend,
he got an $8000 engagement
ring which she paid for, so...
Are you serious? This is not
The Real Housewives, Sam.
Yeah, I know it’s not
The Real Housewives,
it’s just that Ro said that
Carl’s a good guy and... What?!
No, we are not...
I’m not gonna let
some defence attorney
give me tunnel vision,
that’s not good policing.
This should be about
what we think.
I see what’s going on here,
you have a problem with Ro.
I don’t have a problem with
Ro, I don’t even know the girl,
but what I have a problem with
is that you’re so keen to listen
to what she has to say
and you’re not listening to me.
Okay, you’re being
very petty right now,
which is also not good policing.
Good policing is forming
a working theory
and following it,
and my money is on Carl.
Great, but my money
is on Marla.
Okay, then.
You look into your theory
and I’ll look into mine.
In the meantime, I need
to get my steps in.
Okay, yum, yum.
Who’s ready for
the yum, yum, huh?
Who’s ready for the yum, yum?
Okay, here we go.
It’s a bird, it’s a plane,
no, it’s carrot mush!
Woo!
Please, please, please, please,
please, go, go, no!
Come on Brixy, please!
Come on, let’s eat this
before Ella gets here,
because if I have to hear her
tell me one more time
about how you eat
for her and not for me,
I’m just gonna cry. Please!
No, please eat it!
Okay, how about... we play
with this, huh?
No, no, no, no! Don’t cry!
No, please!
Please, don’t cry, Brixy,
just eat it!
No, just eat it, please!
Wazowski.
Updates?
- You were hanging out
with your niece last night!
I can tell because, you know,
you just have more red
in your hair,
it looks absolutely fabulous.
The bird woman did it!
No, the vet did it.
Oh, well, this sounds
like a bad game of Clue.
What are you saying?
You have no working theory?
We’re close.
- Mm-hmm.
And there’s more drugs being
delivered today,
then, we’re gonna monitor
it closely, so...
Okay, well, the clock is
ticking, so no time to waste.
Mm-hmm.
Oh, hey, Mary, I’m really glad
that you decided to join
badge bitches
because women need to stick
together, you know?
My name is Susan.
You know, membership
is exclusive and limited,
so anyone who wants to join
better chop-chop.
You know what?
I think you should join.
You could expand
your walking competition.
Well, I will if you will.
I’m not really
into the group thing.
Right, I see,
lone wolf Kelly is back.
Yes, she is.
- Great.
See you later.
- Goodbye.
Mm-hmm.
- Hey, Kelly.
- Hey, Steve. Bye... Steve?
Hey, what are you doing here?
Well, I thought we could
have a coffee.
I’m at work.
I’m at work and you’re
in the same sweatpants
you’ve been wearing for days!
I know,
but I’m not working.
We could just grab a quick one
out front? I need to talk.
Listen, sweetie,
I love you, I do.
I love you, but you got to go.
- But I’m overthinking things
and I need your wisdom.
- Okay, all my wisdom,
all of it’s coming
at you tonight, after work.
Can I get a quick nugget
to chew on for now, at least?
Yeah, you can actually.
He who never showers
never shines.
You’re right, okay,
I’ll shower. Thanks, sweetie.
Okay. Bye.
Cool hair.
Let me ask you this, though,
has this guy spoken
to a real human
in the last 24 hours?
Um... That is a negative.
NiloMega, this is Switch89.
I sent you an invitation
to my bunker.
Restocking the sandbags.
Hang on a second.
- Hmm?
He said something
like that yesterday.
Look up bunker in BattleBender.
Trust me.
A bunker is a place where
you can invite other players
to chat or have
a private game.
I wonder what a sandbag is.
There’s no sandbag tool
or function in BattleBender.
Sandbags, bags of sand!
He’s not messing around all day,
he’s using the video game
to sell drugs!
Hey, Switch89,
looking for sandbags.
Got lots, join my game.
I’m in the waiting room.
- Okay, okay!
Hey, KrazeeFreezie.
This is Switch89.
Sent you an invitation
to my bunker.
Restocking the sandbags.
I’m in.
- Nice!
Hipster haven, what’s that?
What is hipster haven?
Uh...
Balancing act, slack-lining?
Ooh.
You up for a little
Man on Wire action?
Bro, have you met me?
Go-time, drugs are here.
Delivery for Doctor Massoud?
- Yeah, that’s me.
Hey, trainees, why don’t you
help me load this into lock-up?
- Sure.
- Will do.
Amoxicillin, doxycycline, prednisolone.
Fluoxetine. Clomipramine.
All right.
Oh. Happy pills are here
again. Yeah, I’ll take that.
All right, box two.
We got 30 units of lidocaine,
four boxes of ketamine,
spironolactone. Bring it in.
- Box three.
- Yeah, I’ll do this.
Uh... I can just
hand it to you.
- Okay.
- Okay, so we got 12 rolls
of conforming stretch gauze
bandages and 100 syringes.
Let’s do it.
- Yeah, thank you.
We got hydrocolloid dressings,
catheters and snook hooks.
The catheters go on
the bottom shelf.
Okay, thanks.
I’ll follow Marla.
- Yeah, okay.
Oh, hey, Sam.
- Hi.
You need something?
- Uh... yes, I do.
Carl told me to come
and help you prep the bird food
for tomorrow, so... here I am.
And these are the bowls
that the food goes in?
- That’s how it works.
- Yeah, fit it in the bowls.
- Everything okay?
- Everything is 100 percent,
it’s really good.
How... how are you?
Yeah, good. Well, actually,
no, I sliced my...
I sliced my finger open
on one of the boxes,
stings like a bitch.
Yeah, now, I’m bleeding like,
all over my pocket
and I can’t for the life of me
find the first-aid kit.
You need a Band-Aid, Marls?
Here, let me help you,
kit’s over there.
Thanks, hon.
I don’t know why
this keeps happening,
do you think my skin
is thinning or something?
- Don’t be a hypochondriac.
Just keep that finger clean.
You’re right,
I am a hypochondriac.
Um... I...
I’ll be right back.
- Okay.
Hey. What’s your name?
What’s your name?
I’m Kelly.
No, no, no, no.
Come on, no. No!
Hey, Riley? Hi, could you
just stop for a sec?
Riley!
Riley?
Riley, stop! GTPD!
You’re a cop? What?
- Yeah, I’m a cop.
Now, show me what’s in those
lumpy pants.
Now, please!
It’s just that
those are turtles.
So where’s the ketamine?
You think I was stealing
the ketamine?
Okay, pull your...
pull your pants.
Hello?
Somebody there?
What were you going to do with
those turtles, sell them?
I was re-wilding them, saving
them from mass incarceration.
This place pretends to be
helping animals,
but they are still keeping
them all in cages!
Wow! Just wow!
So, I suppose you’re no further
along on the ketamine?
- Oh... I’ll keep you updated.
Come on, Kel, pick up.
All right, where is this guy?
I told you you should’ve
done it barefoot,
it’s more authentic.
- Barefoot?
Authentic?
Do you know how hard this is?
It’s stupid, I hate it.
All right, here he is.
Ah, here we go.
Hey, I’m KrazeeFreezie, man.
- Cool.
You Switch?
- Uh-huh.
Tim Nadon,
you’re under arrest.
Put your hands behind
your back.
Hey! GTPD! Stop!
Get up. Put your hands
behind your back.
Do you think your mother would
be proud of you right now?
No.
Kelly? Oh my God.
Hey, are you okay?
Yeah, can you hear me?
Kell?
Okay, Kelly...
Someone misted you in the face
with ketamine.
Yeah? And they smashed
the camera.
Hey, it’s me, it’s Sam,
are you with me?
Look at me,
you’re gonna be okay.
I know who you are,
get off of me.
Okay. We’re good, we’re good.
Hey, listen.
- Where the hell am I?
We’re in the sanctuary,
and I’m...
I’m just gonna get you
to the hospital.
No. No. I just...
Help me get up.
- Okay.
- Oh.
- Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I don’t feel like myself, Sam.
Yeah, yeah,
that’s the ketamine.
So, we’re gonna go
to the hospital.
- No.
- Yes.
It’s not the ketamine, Sam,
it’s not the ketamine,
it’s everything.
Everything is a mess.
I’m trying to get back
to my life,
to Nathan.
Now, I got Brixton...
Don’t touch me.
I can pretend for a few days
with Brixton,
but I can’t pretend
a whole life.
And I’m so used to pretending.
I don’t even know
the difference anymore.
You’re gonna know
the difference.
No, I’m not, Sam,
don’t you get it?
And then, I’m trying
to get back,
I’m trying to get my mind right.
But who is Nathan?
And you, who are you?
And who the hell is this Ro?
And normally, I wouldn’t
even care about it
because I’m not 12 and
I know you have a hard time
making friends, but...
I just don’t know
who I am right now.
I know.
This is just re-entry.
You’re just adjusting.
Take a breath.
Yeah?
There you go.
You need to lean on your pack.
Yeah.
Me...
Naz, Nathan,
we’re your pack.
No.
I think I’m better off...
a lone wolf.
Really?
Because a lone wolf,
that’s just a myth.
Wolves, they hunt in pairs.
Together.
Yeah.
It’s true as well,
it’s like science,
it’s not a thing
I just made up.
- Oh, really?
- Yeah, yeah, it’s a real thing.
No, no, I swear to God.
It’s like a wolf that’s alone
is just a wolf that’s lost.
Kell, you’re not alone.
You got me.
It’s me.
We got this job.
Um.
We’re on a job.
- Mm.
- Yeah.
- Mm-hmm.
So, if you’re okay...
I just need you to think.
Can you remember anything
before you passed out?
Um...
There was a sound...
in the vent.
There was a sound in the vent.
- Okay.
Fetch?
It was Marla,
she had a partner.
Pearl.
Hey, Sam. Did you forget
something?
GTPD, hands in the air.
Put the bag on the ground.
Do it.
What’s this?
I don’t know.
Looks like alimony
payments to me.
Marla Van Beek,
you’re under arrest.
I...
It’s okay, buddy.
How did you do it?
Did you, like, train the bird
to stick his, like,
little beak to the vent
and take the vials?
Because that’s not fetch,
that’s like Bonnie and Clide.
Maybe she got them herself.
- And put them in your bag?
Yeah, she’s very smart.
- Is she?
Mm-hmm.
Okay. So, what is Pearl
gonna do without you there
to administer her medication?
She’ll be fine.
I’ll be replaced, like always.
I stuck by my ex for years,
through all his problems,
and then one little crack
and he bails, and now,
I’m paying for his life?
How is that fair?
That does not give you carte
blanche to steal and sell drugs.
It’s just a little ketamine.
Which is a controlled
substance that you used
to attack Detective Duff!
Yeah, your husband left you,
line up!
That doesn’t give you an excuse
to hurt other people.
Hey. Have you been in here
the whole time?
Yeah.
And look at you, badass!
Well, nobody puts Kelly
in a K-Hole.
Hey!
How are you feeling?
I’m still a little fuzzy.
I was tired before the ketamine
and now, I’m really exhausted.
And I feel dumb...
Wazowski, for going out
on a limb to try and prove
that Carl was the guy. I...
I should have listened
to you about Marla.
Well, you and Ro.
Well...
I should have listened to you
with everything else, so...
I’m sorry.
Are you okay?
- Yeah, yeah, I’ll be fine.
Yeah, I know you will.
Bring it in.
I’m so tired.
Well, ain’t this cozy?
Commander Ballard.
Yes. I... I just wanted
to come in here to say
job well done.
Quick, efficient and thorough.
- Thank you.
- Um... maybe we could be
a part of the A team?
Or perhaps, like, even
like the A team.
Even a broken clock
is right twice a day.
Kell?
I heard what happened.
Are you feeling okay?
Uh...
Yeah, I’m okay.
I’m okay.
Can you come in?
Can you come out?
- No...
Babe, please,
can you just come in?
I’m the only one in here.
Are you sure?
Yeah, yeah.
Just... Can we talk?
Yeah.
What’s up?
- Um...
I’m not okay, okay?
I know I’ve said I’m okay,
but I’m not, I’m struggling.
Just getting back into my life,
watching Brixton,
I’m having a hard time
maintaining all of this.
Yeah, I believe you.
I knew something was up, that’s
why I was trying to help to...
And all I was doing was talking
about how wonderful it is
to have a baby around.
Exactly what you did not need
to be hearing.
I’m sorry.
- No, I just...
I just don’t want you
to see me as incompetent.
- What?
- No, but...
If I can’t even babysit,
what am I gonna do if we have
our own family, Nathan?
And I think I still want
to have kids, but...
I love my job,
my life, my freedom.
And what if having a kid
jeopardizes all of that?
Okay, okay.
Kelly, let’s take a pause.
Here’s the thing.
I just want you.
I’m serious, everything else
is just gravy.
So why don’t we just work out
all the rest together.
Live in the present.
Okay.
Come on, girl.
Let’s go pick up this stupid,
boring, adorable baby,
take it to my place
so you can get some sleep.
- Okay. He cries a lot.
- Yeah, he does, it’s all right.
- Okay, are you sure?
- Yeah, I’m building up
my coochie coupons.
- Coochie coupon, two’s company.
Three is a family.
All right, you say it now.
I’m saying it,
three is a family.
difuze